README.md, before:

# project-netflix

_Avi Ben David, Kfir Eitan, Eden Shaked_

Advanced Programming project - Netflix App.

###### _(UML below)_

## Important Links

- [GitHub (This repo)](https://github.com/Roky360/project-netflix)
- [Jira](https://edenshkd.atlassian.net/jira/software/projects/NP/boards/2/backlog)

---

## How to Run

### Run with Docker

To run the app with Docker, you need to have **Docker Desktop** installed, and to **clone** the repo with:

```
git clone https://github.com/Roky360/project-netflix.git
```

> #### To build and run the app, run:
>
> ```bash
> docker-compose up app
> ```
>
> Then to use the terminal to interact with the app, run (you may need to open another terminal):
>
> ```bash
> docker attach project-netflix-app-1
> ```
>
> Finally, to stop the app, run:
>
> ```bash
> docker stop project-netflix-app-1
> ```
>

> #### To run the unit-tests, run:
> ```bash
> docker-compose up test
> ```

## Available Commands

Right now, the server supports these commands:

* ### Add

  Marks movie(s) as watched by a certain user.

  > **add** user-id [movie-id-1] [movie-id-2] ...

  #### Example: `add 1 101 102 103 110`

* ### Recommend

  Recommends to a user up to 10 movies similar to a given movie, based on other users' taste.

  > **recommend** [user-id] [movie-id]

  #### Example: `recommend 1 108`

* ### Help

  Displays all the available commands.

  > **help**

---

## UML

Here is a UML class diagram of the server.

![Backend UML](assets/backend-uml.jpg)

---

Commit message:

Updated README with answers to reflection questions.

README.md, after:

# project-netflix

_Avi Ben David, Kfir Eitan, Eden Shaked_

Advanced Programming project - Netflix App.

###### _(UML below)_

### Answers to Reflection questions:

- The renaming of commands doesn't require us to change the current implementation. We just had to rename the relevant classes and change the request names in the request map.
- The addition of new commands doesn't require us to change the current code, as we had the Request interface; We just added classes that implement it. However, the "split" of the Add request does require us to change the current code because the functionality changed - there is in face no more request that does what the Add request did.
- The change of the output of the requests doesn't require us to change the requests themselves, but just the Status field of the Response they returned. We already used Status codes, just not the ones that the assignment requires now, so the change was minor.
- The fact that the I/O is via sockets instead of CMD just required us to create new classes that implement the RequestProvider (input) and ResponseSender (output) interfaces. Existing code remained untouched. However, the addition of the multithreading does require us to change a bit in the App code - to call the RequestExecutor interface we introduced that handles the **way** that requests are executed. That way, we won't have to touch closed code later when we'll switch to thread-pool, we'll just implement a new class that implements RequestExecutor.
- In addition, we introduced a new interface called ResponseSender that handles the sending of responses. As before we had just one print line, so we didn't have the need for such interface, but now the code is capable of any sending method of responses (sockets or anything else). Also, we had the Database interface from part 1 that makes our code ready for when we'll switch to a read DB. As we said, we'll just create a new class implementing the interface; other parts of the code that uses the database will continue using it normally.

## Important Links

- [GitHub (This repo)](https://github.com/Roky360/project-netflix)
- [Jira](https://edenshkd.atlassian.net/jira/software/projects/NP/boards/2/backlog)

---

## How to Run

### Run with Docker

To run the app with Docker, you need to have **Docker Desktop** installed, and to **clone** the repo with:

```
git clone https://github.com/Roky360/project-netflix.git
```

> #### To build and run the app, run:
>
> ```bash
> docker-compose up app
> ```
>
> Then to use the terminal to interact with the app, run (you may need to open another terminal):
>
> ```bash
> docker attach project-netflix-app-1
> ```
>
> Finally, to stop the app, run:
>
> ```bash
> docker stop project-netflix-app-1
> ```
>

> #### To run the unit-tests, run:
> ```bash
> docker-compose up test
> ```

## Available Commands

Right now, the server supports these commands:

* ### Add

  Marks movie(s) as watched by a certain user.

  > **add** user-id [movie-id-1] [movie-id-2] ...

  #### Example: `add 1 101 102 103 110`

* ### Recommend

  Recommends to a user up to 10 movies similar to a given movie, based on other users' taste.

  > **recommend** [user-id] [movie-id]

  #### Example: `recommend 1 108`

* ### Help

  Displays all the available commands.

  > **help**

---

## UML

Here is a UML class diagram of the server.

![Backend UML](assets/backend-uml.jpg)

---
